- I HAVE A KID.
HIS NAME IS JABBAR.
- HEY, DID YOU TAKE THE TEST?
- THE TEST?
- THE PATERNITY TEST.
- I WANT TO GET
A PATERNITY TEST.
- UM, I'M MARK CYR,
11TH-GRADE ENGLISH.
- MY DAUGHTER'S TEACHER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M TRYING TO IMPRESS YOU.
- I-I-IT WORKED.
[chuckles]
- YOU MUST BE JULIA.
- THIS IS RACQUEL.
- HI.
- YOU ARE SO AMAZING.
- OH.
- MWAH.
- ALL RIGHTY.
[Adam and Kristina moaning]
- OH.
- HONEY, WOW.
[sighs]
- WHEW.
HONEY, I HAVE TO WASH
MAX'S BANDANA.
- HUH?
- IT'S FILTHY.
IF HE'S GONNA BE A PIRATE,
AT LEAST HE'S GONNA BE
A CLEAN PIRATE.
IT'S LIKE RING
AROUND THE NECK.
OH, MY GOD, AND HIS
BEHAVIORAL AIDE IS GONNA BE HERE
AT 10:00,
AND WE BOTH NEED
TO BE ON THE SAME PAGE
WITH ALL THIS STUFF.
I HAVE A THOUSAND QUESTIONS
THAT I WANT TO ASK HER,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE?
I FORGOT TO TELL YOU
THAT HADDIE HAS A BIOLOGY TEST,
YOU KNOW, AND SHE HAS NOT
EVEN STUDIED FOR IT.
- UH...
- NOT ONCE.
REALLY GETTING ME MAD.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN, LIKE,
CARE ABOUT IT.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, HEY.
HEY, WE JUST HAD MORNING SEX.
LIKE, FREE, BONUS,
UNADULTERATED,
LIKE, PRE-KID MORNING SEX.
- UH-HUH.
IT WAS NICE.
- NICE?
- IT WAS, UM--
IT WAS AMAZINGLY NICE.
- AMAZINGLY NICE?
- MM-HMM.
YEAH.
CHOP-CHOP. LET'S GO.
JUST MEET ME DOWNSTAIRS.
- WOULD YOU GO ALONG
WITH SOMEONE LIKE ME?
- NICE?
- WHY DOES SCHOOL START
SO EARLY?
8:30, SO DUMB.
AND MONDAY.
WHY NOT START TUESDAY?
- SHOULDN'T WE BE
THE ONES COMPLAINING, NO?
- WELL, I'M JUST SAYING,
WHY START ON MONDAY?
WHY NOT START ON TUESDAY?
- CAN YOU PULL OVER UP HERE?
- WHY? WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- JUST STOP RIGHT HERE, PLEASE.
- SCHOOL'S OVER THERE.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I'M SO EMBARRASSING
THAT I CAN'T DROP YOU OFF
IN FRONT OF SCHOOL?
- KIND OF.
- MORNING.
both: HEY.
- HI.
- DON'T MONDAYS SUCK?
- I WAS JUST SAYING THAT.
I LITERALLY JUST SAID THAT.
THAT'S SO WEIRD.
- I'LL SEE YOU IN CLASS.
- OKAY.
both: BYE.
- BYE, MR. CYR.
[bell rings,
car door closes]
- HI.
- HEY.
- WE JUST LOST OUR KEY WITNESS
IN OUR DOWNEY-SMITH TRIAL.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT--
I GOT THE RESULTS
OF THE PATERNITY TEST.
I DIDN'T REALLY WANT
TO OPEN IT BY MYSELF.
- OH.
- SO MAYBE YOU COULD HELP OUT.
- THAT'S REALLY SWEET,
AND IT'S ALSO KIND OF PATHETIC.
HERE.
- THERE'S NO PICTURES OF ME
AT ALL
IN THIS WHOLE OFFICE.
YOU'RE EMBARRASSED TO HAVE ME
IN THE FAMILY?
- OH, BY THE WAY,
I GOT YOU AND JABBAR
INTO JOEL'S
WEDNESDAY PLAYGROUP.
- WAIT, YOU GOT US IN?
- THERE'S
A THREE-MONTH WAIT LIST.
- FOR A PLAYGROUP?
- HOW LONG IS THIS GONNA TAKE?
COME ON, OPEN IT.
- WELL, I MEAN,
CAN'T WE WORK UP TO IT?
- CAN YOU--OPEN IT.
- WHAT ARE YOU--WHAT ARE YOU
IN SUCH A HURRY FOR?
- ARE YOU AFRAID OF BEING
A FATHER OR NOT BEING A FATHER?
- YES, BOTH.
- YOU'RE A WIMP.
- YOU'RE A TYRANT.
- MM-HMM. YOU'RE WELCOME.
OPEN IT.
- [mutters]
[laughs]
UM...
[clears throat]
HE'S MINE.
I'M A FATHER.
SO...
WHOO, WHAT--WHAT--
WHAT DO I DO NOW?
I MEAN, WHAT'S THE--
I GOT TO BUY A MICROWAVE
AND MOVE TO THE SUBURBS?
OH, MY GOD, WE GOT TO TELL
MOM AND DAD.
- YES, YOU DO.
- NO, WE'LL GO TOGETHER,
YOU AND I.
- GROW UP.
- GROWING UP MEANS ASKING
FOR HELP, WHICH I'M DOING.
- OH, THAT'S
VERY MATURE OF YOU,
BUT ALSO GROW UP
AND DO IT YOURSELF.
- I DON'T THINK YOU'VE READ ONE
OF THOSE BOOKS.
I THINK THAT'S ALL FOR SHOW.
- [chuckles]
GOOD LUCK.
- YOU WANT TO FRAME THIS
FOR YOUR OFFICE?
'CAUSE THIS MIGHT BE THE
DOCUMENT THAT MADE ME GROW UP.
IT WOULD LOOK GREAT HERE.
I MEAN, I KNOW YOU DON'T
WANT ANY PICTURES OF ME,
SO MAYBE JUST THIS.
- YOU'LL BE FINE!
- HI, I'M GABY.
- HI.
- I'M MAX'S BEHAVIORAL AIDE.
- OH. OH.
- OH.
COME ON IN.
- THANKS.
- UH...
SO HOW DO YOU USUALLY START
WITH A KID LIKE MAX?
- WELL, YOU GUYS TELL ME.
WHAT WOULD BE MOST HELPFUL
TO GET STARTED WITH?
THANK YOU.
- UH, HONEY?
- HAVE A SEAT.
- WHAT, UH--WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- OH, GOD, UM...
[clears throat] I DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHERE TO BEGIN.
THERE'S SO MANY THINGS.
I MEAN...
- WELL, IF THERE WERE
A BEHAVIOR OF MAX'S
YOU COULD WAVE A WAND
AND CHANGE, WHAT WOULD IT BE?
- HOW MUCH WOULD A WAND
LIKE THAT COST?
- OH, GOSH,
IN THE MORNINGS,
IT TAKES HIM A REALLY LONG TIME
TO GET READY,
LIKE, A REALLY LONG TIME.
- HIS DIET--
HE'S GOT A VERY LIMITED DIET.
HE'LL ONLY EAT CERTAIN THINGS,
COOKED IN CERTAIN WAYS.
- RIGHT, LIKE, HE'LL ONLY EAT
EGGS IF THEY'RE COOKED
IN THE ORANGE FRYING PAN.
- THAT SORT OF BEHAVIOR NORMAL
FOR A KID WITH ASPERGER'S?
- THE ORANGE FRYING PAN
IS NEW.
- OH, IT'S WEIRD,
EVEN FOR A KID WITH ASPERGER'S.
GREAT.
- AND HE HAS TAN--TANTRUMS,
TEMPER TANTRUMS,
SOMETIMES SEVERE.
- I DON'T KNOW
IF I'D CALL THEM SEVERE.
- BITING, THE FISH TANK.
- ALL RIGHT.
- THERE WAS AN INCIDENT.
- OKAY.
- OKAY, TELL ME--
HOW'S HE DOING SOCIALLY?
DOES HE HAVE A LOT OF FRIENDS?
DOES HE HAVE PLAYDATES?
- NO.
- NO?
- MAX DOESN'T REALLY HAVE
ANY FRIENDS.
- OKAY.
WHY DON'T WE START THERE?
- THAT'S GOOD.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU
ALWAYS DO FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS
DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB
ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU
ALWAYS KNOW THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHT
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU
ALWAYS BE COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
- A HORNED LIZARD CAN SQUIRT
BLOOD FROM ITS EYES.
THE ARMADILLO LIZARD CAN CURL
ITSELF UP INTO A TIGHT BALL
TO PROTECT ITSELF
FROM A'I'I'ACK.
[alarm beeps]
THE SUNGAZER LIZARD HAS SPIKES
THAT COVER ITS WHOLE BODY.
AND LOTS OF LIZARDS
CAN CHANGE COLORS.
- THAT'S VERY COOL, MAX.
SO WE'VE BEEN DOING
WHAT YOU WANT FOR 20 MINUTES.
IT'S TIME
TO TRY ONE OF MY GAMES.
- NO WAY.
- HEY, MAX, BE POLITE.
- MAX, YOU GET TO CHOOSE
WHICHEVER ONE YOU WANT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
HE DOESN'T LIKE BOARD GAMES
AT ALL.
- OKAY.
- WE'VE TRIED.
- WHEN YOU MAKE A DEAL,
HE HAS TO HOLD UP
HIS END OF THE BARGAIN.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT, MAX,
CHECK THIS OUT.
- COOL.
- THIS IS THE DEAL, OKAY?
- EVERY MINUTE YOU PLAY
ONE OF THESE GAMES,
YOU GET A STICKER.
I HAVE A WHOLE BUNCH OF THEM
IN MY BAG HERE, ALL RIGHT?
SO YOU GET UP TO 20 STICKERS,
CASH THEM IN,
YOU GET THE BOOK.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- HOW ABOUT
I GET THE BOOK FIRST,
THEN WE PLAY THE GAME?
- I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL,
'CAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT?
I USED TO ALWAYS WANT MY DESSERT
BEFORE MY DINNER,
AND IT ALWAYS TURNED OUT
I HAD TO HAVE MY VEGGIES FIRST,
SO...
- YEP.
- FORGET IT, THEN.
- MAX!
HONEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHY DON'T WE GO GET A COOKIE?
- YEAH, SURE.
- NO, NO, NO COOKIES.
YOU GOT TO STICK WITH THE PLAN.
- OKAY.
- YOU GOTTA BE FIRM. OKAY?
I'M SORRY.
- OKAY.
- MAX, NO COOKIE TODAY.
THE REWARD IS THE BOOK.
- I WANT THE BOOK.
- SO WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO PLAY A GAME.
- NO.
I WANT THE BOOK.
- WHEN HE HAS THAT TONE--
WHEN HE HAS THAT TONE,
ALL BETS ARE OFF.
- IT'S OKAY.
- HE'S GONNA LOSE IT.
- THAT'S OKAY.
THAT'S OKAY.
- HE'S GONNA LOSE IT.
- LISTEN, MAX,
NOTHING HERE IS GONNA CHANGE
UNLESS YOU PUT GUACAMOLE
BACK IN THE CAGE.
YOU MAKE THE CHOICE.
- SORRY, GUACAMOLE.
- [chuckles]
- WOW.
- OKAY, LET'S PICK A GAME.
- HEY.
- HEY, AMBER, WHAT'S UP?
- UM, I WAS
JUST WONDERING, UM...
I KNOW I DIDN'T SEEM
VERY EXCITED ABOUT IT IN CLASS,
BUT I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF--IF YOU WERE STILL TRYING
TO GET PEOPLE TO JOIN
THAT WEIRD LITERARY MAGAZINE
THINGY, THE SPECTRUM?
- YEAH, YEAH.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
- I MEAN, SURE,
I GUESS,
'CAUSE I HAVE
TO HAVE, LIKE,
EXT RACU RRICU LAR ACTIVITIES
ANYWAY,
SO I MIGHT AS WELL,
LIKE, RIGHT?
- WELL, WITH A PASSIONATE PLEA
LIKE THAT,
HOW CAN I SAY NO?
UH, YEAH, THAT'S--
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
SO I GUESS THE NEXT STEP
IS WE ARE FORMATTING
TOMORROW AFTER SCHOOL
IN THE COMPUTER LAB.
SO JUST GO THERE.
- COOL.
FORMATTING IN COMPUTER LABS.
AND HERE I THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE NERDY AND LAME.
- [laughs]
NOT AT ALL.
AND THEN WE'RE GONNA BE
FOOTNOTING AND ENDNOTING,
AND IT'S GONNA BE
SO COOL.
- GREAT.
- BUNCH OF COOL PEOPLE.
- YOU HAVE CHALK ON YOUR...
- OH.
- YEAH.
- IT'S AN OCCUPATIONAL HAZARD.
I PUT IT THERE ON PURPOSE.
- [chuckles]
OKAY. BYE.
- ALL RIGHT, SEE YOU AROUND.
- BYE-BYE.
- THANKS, AMBER.
- OKAY.
- OH.
THIS IS NEW.
HAS IT BEEN WASHED BEFORE?
- UM, I DON'T THINK SO.
- WELL, I SHOULD WASH IT
SEPARATELY.
- NO, YOU CAN WASH IT
WITH ALL THE OTHER TEES.
- WELL, IT'S RED,
YOU KNOW.
IT'LL BLEED
IF IT HASN'T BEEN WASHED BEFORE.
- ALL RIGHT,
WELL, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
THEN I GUESS THAT'S--
- I DON'T MIND.
- BETI'ER. OKAY.
- JEEZ, DIDN'T YOU DO, LIKE,
EIGHT LOADS HERE LAST WEEK?
- JEEZ, GET IN A FIGHT
WITH A LEAF BLOWER?
- HE JUST WANTS TO VISIT US,
AND THIS IS A GOOD EXCUSE.
- HEY, I'M GLAD
YOU'RE BOTH HERE.
THERE'S, UM--
THERE'S SOMETHING
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO TELL YOU.
S-SOMEBODY'S COME
INTO MY LIFE RECENTLY.
- OH, BOY,
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
- WHAT HAPPENED TO KATIE?
SHE WAS A NICE GIRL, KATIE.
- YEAH, NOTHING HAPPENED
TO KATIE.
YOU KNOW,
THIS IS KIND OF SERIOUS.
- WELL, ISN'T IT
ALWAYS SERIOUS?
- FOR THE FIRST WEEK
AND A HALF.
[laughs]
- [laughs mockingly]
I'M SO GLAD
I CAN ENTERTAIN YOU.
- OH, COME ON,
WE'RE ONLY JOKING.
UH, TELL US ALL ABOUT HER.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT TO RUN TO THE STUDIO.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHEN I GET THROUGH WITH THAT.
[chatter]
- MIDNIGHT AND THE MOON
IS WEARING MAKEUP
- OH, HI.
- HI.
- OOH, SORRY, HON.
SORRY.
CAN YOU GRAB THEM
IN THE CORNER?
HI.
WHAT--WHAT'LL YOU HAVE?
- UM, I'M--I'M OKAY.
UM, C-CAN WE TALK
FOR JUST ONE SECOND,
MAYBE, OVER HERE?
- YEAH.
- SORRY.
- NO, NO.
- ONE SECOND.
- IS, UH...?
- VERY SHORT.
- IS EVERYTHING OKAY
WITH AMBER?
- UH, NO, YEAH, SHE'S FINE.
NO, I'M ACT UALLY--
I'M HERE ON MY OWN BEHALF.
I JUST, UH, WANTED TO...
SAY--
AND, UH,
THIS IS REALLY LAME
AND PROBABLY EMBARRASSING
FOR ME,
BUT, UM,
I'M GONNA SAY IT.
I, UM...
I REALLY LIKE YOU, AND--
- HEY, SARAH, CAN I GET
ANOTHER DRINK DOWN HERE, PLEASE?
- JUST ONE SECOND.
I'M SORRY.
GO ON.
- NO, THAT'S FINE.
YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT YOU, UM, SINCE WE MET,
AND YOU JUST--
YOU MAKE ME LAUGH,
AND YOU MAKE ME FEEL GOOD.
AND I JUST FEEL LIKE THERE'S...
- SARAH.
- SOMETHING THAT I'LL TELL YOU
IN A SECOND...
- OKAY. OKAY. THANK YOU.
- AFTER YOU TAKE CARE
OF YOUR CUSTOMER.
- YES, YES.
ANOTHER ONE?
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
- YEAH.
- THAT'S ON THE HOUSE.
OKAY.
- OH, SWEET.
- ENJOY THAT. YEAH.
- OOH.
[bottle clatters]
- SO...
- HI.
OKAY, SO I, UM...
I JUST SENSE
THAT THERE'S THIS CONNECTION,
EVEN THOUGH, YOU KNOW, I...
WHATEVER.
- FALL ASLEEP WHEN YOU TRY
TO COUNT TO MY AGE?
- [laughs]
NO, NO,
DESPITE THAT,
UM, I...
TEACH YOUR DAUGHTER.
- I HAVE A DAUGHTER?
- [laughs]
UM...
SO I-I-I WANTED
TO GIVE YOU THIS.
AND I KNOW THAT TEXTING
IS THE THING
THAT MOST OF THE KIDS
ARE DOING NOWADAYS,
BUT I THINK THERE'S
SOMETHING MORE ROMANTIC
ABOUT, UM, PEN AND PAPER.
UH, BUT DON'T OPEN IT
RIGHT NOW.
UH, I'M GONNA GO.
- OKAY.
- AND, UH, YEAH.
IT WAS NICE TO SEE YOU.
AND JUST FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS.
- ALL RIGHT, TEACH.
- ALL--[|aughs] ALL RIGHT.
- I AM GONNA G0.
I LIKE YOUR SEAHORSE.
- THANKS.
NICE TO "SEE HORSE" YOU.
- [laughs]
- HEY, SARAH?
- OKAY.
- YOU FORGOT THE ICE.
- OH, YEAH?
ICE, ICE.
- YOU'RE ASKING
FOR MY ADVICE?
- IT'S TRUE.
- WOW, THIS IS SO GREAT.
- [muffled] I KNOW.
- YOU NEVER COME TO ME.
- WELL, YOU KNOW...
- OH.
- THERE'S A FIRST
FOR EVERYTHING.
WHAT'S NEXT?
YOU ASKING ME FOR ADVICE?
- YEAH, MAYBE.
OH, SORRY, GO.
WHAT IS IT?
- I MET SOMEONE.
- UH-HUH.
- AND, UM...
HE'S, UH--HE'S GREAT.
HE'S AMBER'S TEACHER,
AND, UM, HE'S KIND OF YOUNG.
- IS HE LEGAL?
- AGE?
- YEAH.
HE'S 26.
GROSS.
- OH, OKAY.
OH, HE'S MARRIED.
- WHAT? NO.
- THEN WHAT ARE YOU
ASKING ME ABOUT?
YOU'RE--YOU'RE ALL SYSTEMS GO.
IS THAT IT?
WHAT ABOUT AMBER?
THE GUY'S YOUNGER THAN JULIA.
HE'S YOUNGER THAN ME
BY A LOT.
- LOOK...
YOU WANT TO SAY YES.
- I DO?
- THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE ASKING ME.
IF YOU WANTED TO SAY NO,
YOU'D ASK DUDLEY DO-RIGHT
OR JUDGE JULIA.
- YOU DON'T THINK IT'S WEIRD?
- NO WAY.
- NO RULES.
- NO.
- HA.
- I DIDN'T READ A RULEBOOK.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- YEAH.
- I FEEL MUCH BETTER.
- HEY, THIS WENT
PRETI'Y GOOD, HUH?
- I KNOW.
- RIGHT?
FOR A TRIAL RUN?
- PRETI'Y GOOD.
MAYBE I'LL START ASKING YOU
FOR ALL KINDS OF ADVICE.
- SO, YOU KNOW,
ANYTIME YOU WANT ADVICE...
- OH, REALLY?
ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
YEAH.
- AND JUST, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE TO MAKE IT EVEN,
I'M JUST THROWING THIS
OUT THERE,
BUT WHAT IF YOU CAME WITH ME
TO TELL MOM AND DAD
ABOUT JABBAR?
- WHAT?
NO.
- WAIT, THEN YOU OWE ME ONE,
SOMETHING ELSE.
THINK ABOUT IT.
- OKAY.
- THANKS FOR YOUR ADVICE.
TELL THEM YOURSELF, YOU FREAK.
- GREAT. YEAH.
- THE STANDARD-ISSUE GUN
IN THE MILITARY
IS THE M4A1.
NOW, THAT'S ONE OF THE MOST
FAMOUS ASSAULT RIFLES THERE IS.
- THIS IS--
THIS IS GREAT.
I CANCELED A MEETING
TO FIND OUT
THAT WE'RE PAYING $30 AN HOUR
FOR A BABYSITI'ER.
THIS IS COSTING US
A LOT OF MONEY, KRISTINA.
- I KNOW. I UNDERSTAND.
- THAT'S ALL.
I JUST WANT TO SEE SOME RESULTS,
THAT'S ALL.
- WELL, DO YOU HAVE A GUN?
- I DO NOT HAVE A GUN, MAX.
- WELL, IF YOU WERE GONNA GET
A GUN, THE--THE AK-47 IS...
- THIS IS GREAT.
SHE'S PLAYING BALL WITH HIM
AND LOOKING UP THE HILL.
- HEY, MAX, IT LOOKS
LIKE THAT GIRL OVER THERE
WANTS TO PLAY
SOME FOUR SQUARE--
OVER THERE BY THE TREE.
- WHY?
- WHY DON'T YOU GO ASK HER
IF SHE WANTS TO PLAY?
- I'LL JUST PLAY WITH YOU.
- ACTUALLY...
- NO.
- [scoffs]
- SHE'S GONNA TRY TO GET HIM
TO PLAY WITH THAT KID...
- RIGHT.
- THAT GIRL BY THE TREE.
- GOOD LUCK.
- YEAH.
A BLIZZARD'S COMING IN
LATER TODAY TOO.
- MM-HMM. RIGHT.
- AND YOU GET A LIZARD
ON THE WAY HOME.
- WHAT KIND OF LIZARD?
- ANY LIZARD YOU WANT.
- OKAY.
- YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES
I'VE TRIED THIS?
- NOW, REMEMBER, LOOK HER
IN THE EYE, OKAY?
AND DON'T FORGET
TO GIVE HER A SMILE.
- HI, I'M MAX.
- I'M JESSICA.
- HUH.
- OH, UH, DO YOU WANT
TO PLAY FOUR SQUARE?
- SURE.
- [softly] I DID IT.
- YOU'LL GET IT.
- [whispers]
- YOU'LL GET YOUR LIZARD.
- WELL, HOW ABOUT THAT?
HEY, YOU KNOW,
SHE JUST GOT LUCKY.
- NO, SHE DIDN'T.
- SWEETIE...
HEY.
- [roars]
[kids screaming]
THE DRAGON IS HUNGRY!
[growling and shrieking]
- ISN'T HE AMAZING?
ALL KIDS SHOULD HAVE
A MALE ROLE MODEL LIKE JOEL.
- YEAH, HE'S REALLY GREAT
WITH THEM, HUH?
- IT'S A GIFT.
- HE'S LIKE A ROCK STAR.
- BIG-TIME.
- UH-OH, UH-OH, UH-OH.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE PRINCESS
HAS SOME ANTS ON A LOG
FOR ALL OF YOU.
- LOOK WHAT JOEL MADE,
EVERYBODY.
- WHO WANTS SOME OF THOSE?
[kids cheering]
- OKAY.
- THERE THEY ARE.
- OKAY. YOU WANNA DO THAT?
- OH, ABSOLUTELY.
- DO YOU NEED ANYTHING?
- I'M GOOD, I'M GOOD.
- OH, LOOK AT THIS.
SHE'S THE PRESIDENT
OF HIS FAN CLUB HERE.
- YOU OKAY? YOU OKAY?
- I THINK SO.
- [laughs]
HE'S HAVING A BALL.
- MM-HMM.
- I JUST--I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU DID IT.
I MEAN, I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO DO THIS FOR SO LONG,
AND I'M...
I'M JUST AMAZED.
DO YOU WANT A SNACK--
AN APPLE OR SOMETHING?
I HAVE TONS.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- HOW AM I?
- HOW ARE YOU--
YEAH, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M GOOD.
- BUT I MEAN, LIKE...
- I'M GOOD, I PROMISE.
IT'S JUST SO NICE TO SEE MAX
PLAY WITH OTHER KIDS, YOU KNOW.
[clears throat]
- MM-HMM.
- AND YOU HELPED HIM DO IT.
- YOU DID.
- NONE OF THIS IS EASY,
YOU KNOW.
- I'M SORRY.
I JUST FEEL LIKE A LOSER.
I FEEL LIKE A TOTAL LOSER.
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO DO THIS
FOR SO LONG,
AND YOU MAKE IT SEEM
SO EASY.
I MEAN, JUST WATCHING...
- IT'S NOT.
IT'S HARD, AND I ONLY WORK
WITH HIM A FEW HOURS A DAY.
THIS IS YOUR LIFE,
YOU KNOW?
- [sighing]
OH.
- I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU DO IT.
- I KNOW. I--
WELL, THAT'S WHAT NOBODY GETS.
I TRY TO EXPLAIN...
JUST THE WORRY--
THE WORRY NEVER GOES AWAY.
LIKE, I-I FIND MYSELF
UP LATE AT NIGHT
JUST WORRYING
ABOUT MAX, AND...
IS THERE SOMETHING
WE SHOULD HAVE TRIED?
SOMETHING WE SHOULD TRY?
WHEN I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT HIM,
I'M WORRIED ABOUT THE FACT
THAT I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT HADDIE.
AND WHEN I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT HADDIE--
IT'S JUST LIKE IT NEVER STOPS,
YOU KNOW?
ADAM AND I--
MAYBE WE GET A-A CHANCE
TO SPEND SOME TIME ALONE,
JUST TOGETHER...
- YEAH.
- SOME MIRACLE CHANCE.
IT'S LIKE I CANNOT STOP
WORRYING LONG ENOUGH
TO ENJOY ANYTHING--
ANYTHING, LIKE A MOVIE
OR A NICE DINNER
OR SEX, IF...
OH, MY GOD, I'M SORRY.
I SHOULDN'T--
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
- I'M SO SORRY.
- IT'S OKAY.
- DON'T TELL HIM I SAID THAT.
- I WON'T.
- 'CAUSE HE DOES SATISFY ME...
- I'M SURE HE DOES.
- A LOT.
HE'S GOT A GOOD ONE.
[both laughing]
OKAY.
NEVER MIND.
- LISTEN, YOU NEED TO RELAX.
- OH, MY GOD.
- HONESTLY, YOU'RE TOO HARD
ON YOURSELF.
YOU NEED TO JUST CUT YOURSELF
SOME SLACK AND RELAX.
- OKAY.
OKAY, THEN I'M GONNA GO
TO HAWAII,
AND YOU CAN RAISE
MY SON.
- I'LL BABYSIT.
HOW ABOUT THAT?
- YEAH, I DON'T THINK
THAT THEY'RE GONNA SPRING
ANYTHING ON YOU.
THE DEPOSITION IS NOW SET
FOR THURSDAY MORNING.
AND, UM, WE'RE GONNA GO OVER
ALL OF IT
AT THE BRIEFING
BEFOREHAND.
- THANK YOU.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
CAN--CAN I CALL YOU BACK
ABOUT THIS?
JUST GIVE ME A COUPLE MINUTES.
SOMETHING HAS COME UP
IN THE FAMILY.
I-I WILL CALL YOU
RIGHT BACK.
- THANK YOU.
- FOR WHAT?
- THE PLAYGROUP...
- YEAH?
- WAS INSPIRATIONAL.
I MEAN, WOW.
YOUR HUSBAND IS A ROCK STAR.
- HE IS, ISN'T HE?
- OH!
I MEAN,
NO DISRESPECT TO DAD,
YOU KNOW, SOMEONE I WANT
TO BE LIKE AS A DAD.
- OH, MY GOD.
ADAM'S A GOOD DAD.
- WELL, YEAH, HE'S A GREAT DAD,
BUT HE'S NOT A ROCK STAR.
JOEL...
ON THE OTHER HAND, WOW.
- WAIT, OKAY,
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY ROCK STAR?
- WELL, HE'S WORSHIPPED.
- OH, YEAH.
- LIKE A DEITY.
- YEAH, THE KIDS LOVE HIM.
- WELL, NOT JUST THE KIDS,
BELIEVE ME.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- NOTHING.
- NO, NO, YOU SAID "WORSHIPPED."
WHO WORSHIPS HIM?
- YOU KNOW, THE, UM...
TH E--TH E KIDS
AND--AND THE TWO GAY DADS,
TIMMY AND TONY,
OR WHATEVER, AND ME.
- YEAH.
- AND THE OTHER MOMS.
- WHICH OTHER MOMS?
- ALL THE OTHER MOMS.
- ALL THE OTHER MOMS?
- WELL, NO, NOT ALL OF THEM.
- RACQUEL?
IS IT RACQUEL?
- I REALLY COULDN'T SAY.
- OH, YOU'RE SUCH A BAD LIAR.
- I KNOW.
[laughs]
- SO--SO COME ON.
- LISTEN.
- SO--SO WHAT IS SHE LIKE
WHEN I'M NOT AROUND?
_ 1--
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW.
- DOES SHE FLIRT?
- WELL, YOU KNOW,
HOW DOES ONE DEFINE FLIRTING
THESE DAYS?
- GAZING, SMILING,
TOUCHING, SMILING AGAIN,
PROVIDING MULTIPLE BEVERAGES.
- CHECK.
- YEAH?
- YEAH, AND ANTS ON A LOG.
BUT IT'S TOTALLY HARMLESS.
I MEAN, JOEL WOULD NEVER...
- NO, I KNOW. IT'S FINE.
IT'S--IT'S COMPLETELY FINE.
- OKAY, GOOD.
- SO GIVE ME DETAILS.
- LOOK, I-I DON'T REALLY WANT
TO GO DOWN THIS ROAD WITH YOU.
I'M NEW TO THE PLAYGROUP.
AND IT'S JUST, LIKE,
THE FIRST RULE OF PLAYGROUP
IS THERE IS NO PLAYGROUP.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER SOURCE.
- THAT'S COOL.
I GOT WHAT I NEED, CROSBY.
- GOOD LUCK.
- I'VE NEVER PLAYED THAT.
- YEAH, IT'S NOT
THAT HARD TO PLAY, THOUGH.
- IT'S NOT?
- YEAH, I MEAN, HE'S ACTUALLY
PRETI'Y GOOD AT IT.
- CAN YOU TEACH ME?
- HEY, SORRY I'M LATE.
- COME ON.
- THERE'S NO WAY.
- HE DID.
I SWEAR TO GOD.
- HEY, DAD.
- HEY.
- HI, HONEY.
both: HI.
- HI.
- HI, HONEY.
- YOU...
- HEY, DAD?
- YEAH?
- UM, IS IT OKAY
IF I GO OVER TO JENNA'S?
- YEAH, SURE.
- OKAY, THANKS.
- HEY, BUDDY.
- I PLAYED WITH A GIRL
AT THE PARK TODAY,
AND SO I GOT A LIZARD, AND
TOMORROW I'M GONNA GET BUGS.
- THAT'S GREAT.
- [softly] HE DID so GOOD.
- WOW.
HI.
- HI.
- GOOD DAY?
- VERY GOOD DAY.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- AND, UH, EVERYTHING'S
WORKING OUT?
- YEAH, EVERYTHING'S GOOD.
- GOT A PLAN FOR TOMORROW?
- SHOULD I GET SOME MORE
OF THOSE INDEX CARDS?
- SURE.
- OKAY, PERFECT.
- EVERYTHING IS PROGRESSING
ALL RIGHT?
- YES.
EVERYTHING'S GOING GREAT.
YOU GUYS JUST NEED TO RELAX.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
- YOU'RE A GEM.
- YOU RELAX TONIGHT.
YOU GOT TO RELAX.
- [mumbles coyly]
- ALL RIGHT?
- OKAY.
- THANK YOU.
- MUM'S THE WORD.
BYE.
- SHE'S WORKING OUT GREAT.
I MEAN, IT LOOKS
LIKE EVERYTHING'S GETTING
A LOT BETTER.
- OH, YES,
THEY WENT SO MUCH BETTER,
YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND.
OH, MY GOSH.
- OH.
- MM.
- HMM.
OH, WOW, THAT EARLY-MORNING
SHOULDER MASSAGE IS PAYING OFF.
- HONEY, MAX PLAYED
WITH THIS LITTLE GIRL
FOR HOURS AND HOURS.
- YEAH. UH-HUH.
IS THAT WHAT'S MAKING YOU
ALL FRISKY--
MAX'S PLAYDATE?
NOT THAT THERE'S ANYTHING
WRONG WITH THAT.
- NO, NO, I JUST--
I WAS SO WRONG ABOUT HER.
I MEAN, SHE IS, LIKE,
THE BEST THING EVER.
- UH-HUH.
- I CAN'T EVEN--OH, SHE'S GREAT.
- YEAH?
- SHE'S GREAT.
MM-HMM.
- [chuckles]
WHAT WAS THAT LITTLE WIN K-WINK,
NUDGE-NUDGE ALL ABOUT?
- WHERE?
- YOU KNOW,
THE LITTLE "JUST RELAX TONIGHT"
AND THE LITTLE...
- OH.
- WINK SHE GAVE YOU THERE.
- JUST HAD A LITTLE--
HAD A LITTLE MELTDOWN EARLIER,
NOTHING BIG.
- ARE YOU DOING OKAY?
- I JUST, YOU KNOW, SORT OF
ENDED UP UNLOADING ON GABY
ABOUT HOW STRESSED
I AM--WE ARE--
AND HOW WORRIED I AM
ALL THE TIME
AND HOW SOMETIMES, YOU KNOW,
IT'S HARD FOR US TO CONNECT
IN CERTAIN WAYS,
AND SHE WAS REALLY HELPFUL.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- HOW WHEN WE HAVE
CERTAIN TIMES TOGETHER,
AND I CAN'T RELAX.
- KRISTINA, WE'RE KEEPING
OUR PRIVATE LIFE PRIVATE, RIGHT?
YOU'RE NOT TALKING TO HER
ABOUT SEX.
- HONEY, OF COURSE.
- KRISTINA, ARE YOU TALKING
TO HER ABOUT OUR SEX LIFE?
- IT'S A NATURAL THING.
IT WAS--IT CAME UP ONCE,
AND IT WAS JUST IT.
SHE BROUGHT IT UP.
- UH, WELL, WHAT--WHAT EXACTLY
ARE YOU TELLING HER?
I MEAN, YOU'RE NOT SAYING
THAT YOU'RE NOT ENJOYING IT.
- NO. NO.
WHY WOULD I TELL HER THAT?
THAT'S SO DUMB.
- BUT I MEAN,
YOU ARE, AREN'T YOU?
I MEAN,
YOU'VE BEEN ENJOYING IT.
- WILL YOU RELA--
- I'M RELAXED.
- YES, I'M ENJOYING IT...
- UH-HUH. YOU'RE SATISFIED?
- A LOT. YES.
- YOU SURE?
- YES.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
- FEELING SEXY.
- WHAT'D YOU TELL HER?
- WHAT'D I TELL HER WHEN?
WHAT? WHY ARE YOU LOOKING
AT ME LIKE THAT?
I'M STARTING
TO GET SWEATY. WHAT?
- HAVE YOU--HAVE YOU BEEN...
FAKING IT?
- [scoffs]
- WELL,
THAT DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
- I DID NOT SAY THAT.
- NO, CLEARLY.
- CLEARLY YOU HAVE BEEN.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
- HONEY, ONCE IN A WHILE, I DO.
YOU KNOW, I DON'T--
I DON'T WANT YOU TO THINK--
- I DON'T WANT YOU TO FAKE IT.
I WANT YOU TO HAVE,
YOU KNOW, HEALTHY...
- I DON'T WANT YOU TO THINK
THAT I DON'T APPRECIATE
THE EFFORT.
- THE EFFORT? WHAT,
LIKE IT'S A SCIENCE PROJECT?
- 'CAUSE YOU DO A GOOD JOB.
- I DON'T NEED YOU
TO COMFORT ME BY FAKING IT.
- HONEY, I FEEL GOOD.
WHY DON'T YOU SIT DOWN
AND EAT?
OR DRINK? DRINK.
WHY DON'T YOU DRINK SOMETHING?
- WHY WOULD YOU TELL HER
ABOUT THAT?
- I--SHE LISTENED TO ME,
AND SHE OPENED UP.
- SO JUST NOW, I MEAN,
JUST THIS--
YOU WERE FAKING IT
JUST BEFORE.
- HONEY,
UNDERSTAND SOMETHING.
I FEEL BETTER TODAY
THAN I HAVE FELT IN SO LONG.
- WHAT ABOUT THAT TIME AFTER
THE JON STEWART DAILY SHOW?
THAT WAS PRETTY INTENSE.
THAT WAS THE REAL DEAL, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- I MEAN, YOU WEREN'T FAKING IT
THEN, WERE YOU?
- NO. I SWEAR.
- YOU SURE?
- YEAH.
YEAH.
- I JUST--YOU KNOW,
I WANT TO BE ABLE TO KNOW
THAT YOU'RE REALLY SATISFIED.
- WHOA.
YOU'RE HOME EARLY.
-IAM.
CROSBY SAID HE HAD
A GOOD TIME AT THE PLAYDATE.
- OH, YEAH.
YEAH, IT WAS FUN.
- HE CALLED YOU A ROCK STAR.
- REALLY?
CROSBY SAID SOMETHING NICE
ABOUT ME, HUH?
THAT'S A FIRST.
- IN FACT, HE USED
THE WORD "WORSHIPPED."
- WHY DOES THAT NOT SOUND
LIKE A GOOD THING?
- DID RACQUEL HIT ON YOU?
- IS THAT WHAT CROSBY SAID?
- HE DIDN'T HAVE TO.
I INFERRED.
- NO, SHE DID NOT HIT ON ME.
SHE DIDN'T, I SWEAR.
JULIA--
- SO YOU'RE SAYING
I HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT?
THERE'S NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT?
- YEAH.
- SHE DIDN'T HIT ON YOU.
- NO.
- SHE'S NEVER HIT ON YOU?
JOEL.
- OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
NOTHING HAPPENED.
A COUPLE MONTHS AGO,
SHE GOT A LITTLE, UM...
AND H SHUT IT DOWN...
TOTALLY.
AND THAT WAS IT.
- HOW COULD SHE--
HOW COULD--YOU'RE A FATHER.
OUR DAUGHTERS
ARE BEST FRIENDS.
HOW COULD SHE--
WHAT DID SHE DO?
- HER HUSBAND
WAS OUT OF TOWN ON WORK.
YOU WERE WORKING LATE.
THE GIRLS FELL ASLEEP.
AND, UH, I GUESS
SHE STARTED TALKING TO ME
ABOUT TROUBLES
IN HER MARRIAGE,
AND I LISTENED,
AND SHE...
SHE MISINTERPRETED.
AND...
- AND WHAT?
SHE KISSED YOU.
JOEL, DID SHE KISS YOU?
- SHE TRIED.
I STOPPED IT.
END OF STORY.
- WOW.
WOW.
HOW COME YOU DIDN'T TELL ME?
- I DIDN'T WANT THINGS
TO GET WEIRD.
- I THOUGHT I WAS INSANE
FOR BEING JEALOUS OF HER.
YOU LET ME THINK
THAT I WAS INSANE.
- HARMONY IS
SYDNEY'S BEST FRIEND, JULIA.
- AND YOU'RE USING OUR DAUGHTER
AS YOUR EXCUSE
FOR NOT TELLING ME?
- YEAH, BECAUSE IT'S THE TRUTH.
- OKAY.
OKAY.
I DON'T WANT THAT WOMAN
IN OUR LIVES.
- OH, COME ON, JULIA.
- IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?
- [sighs]
YOU TAKE AWAY RACQUEL,
YOU TAKE AWAY HARMONY,
AND OUR DAUGHTER IS LEFT
WITHOUT HER BEST FRIEND.
- OUR DAUGHTER
IS FIVE YEARS OLD,
AND SHE WILL MAKE
NEW FRIENDS, RIGHT?
- COME ON.
- WHAT IF I WAS AT WORK
EVERY DAY
WITH A GUY WHO HIT ON ME?
OKAY?
- SO, UM...
DO YOU WANT TO TELL SYDNEY,
OR SHOULD I?
- I'LL TELL HER.
- [mutters softly]
- I'LL TELL HER TOMORROW.
- SORRY.
- THANK YOU.
OKAY.
- HI.
- HEY.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- NOTHING.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- DROPPING THIS STUFF OFF
FOR DAD.
- OH, YEAH?
- WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
- OH, GOD,
I DON'T KNOW.
CROSBY WENT SOMEWHERE
WITH MOM AND DAD,
AND DREW'S AVOIDING ME
LIKE ALWAYS,
AND AMBER'S REALLY, REALLY LATE
COMING HOME FROM SCHOOL.
AND SHE'S PROBABLY SMOKING
OR DRINKING OR...
[sighs] STEALING SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW, SO...
- HAVE YOU EVER FAKED
AN ORGASM?
- WHAT?
- JUST ADDRESS
THE QUESTION, PLEASE.
- I DON'T KNOW
THAT IT'S A QUESTION
I WANT TO ANSWER.
- YOU'RE MY SISTER.
JUST ANSWER THE QUESTION,
WOULD YOU?
- NO, I HAVEN'T HAD TO.
- COOL.
- WAIT, WAIT,
WHY--WHY ARE YOU ASKING?
- NO REASON.
- OH, NO, NO.
- ALL RIGHT,
I'M OUT OF HERE.
- UNLESS--NO, NO, WAIT.
I'M JUST KIDDING.
OF COURSE I HAVE.
AND--AND IF SOMEONE IN YOUR LIFE
HAS, THAT'S OKAY TOO.
- WELL, YOU HAVE?
- YES, OF COURSE.
EVERYBODY HAS.
- WELL, WHEN?
- I DON'T KNOW.
A COUPLE DIFFERENT TIMES.
- WHY?
- A COUPLE DIFFERENT REASONS.
- WELL, CAN YOU NAME THEM?
I MEAN, I DON'T--
I JUST DON'T GET IT.
- [sighs]
IT'S LIKE...
WE DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL BAD.
- GOD, THIS IS JUST HORRIBLE.
- IT'S NOT HORRIBLE.
- WHAT, ARE YOU ALL IN ON THIS?
WE'RE NOT ALL IN ON IT.
SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE TOLD YOU,
FIRST OF ALL.
THAT BREAKS THE CODE
RIGHT THERE.
- WELL, HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO TELL?
- YOU CAN'T TELL, HONEY.
IT'S FAKE.
SORRY.
- WELL, I DON'T GET IT.
I REALLY DON'T GET IT.
I MEAN, WHY FAKE IT AT ALL?
- 'CAUSE IT'S TOO LONG
TO EXPLAIN IN THE MOMENT.
IT'S LIKE YOU JUST KIND OF,
YOU KNOW,
PUT ON A HAPPY FACE AND JUST,
YOU KNOW, BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME.
- BUT IT'S A LIE.
IT'S AN ACT.
- YEAH, BUT IT'S NOT A LIE.
IT IS AN ACT,
BUT IT'S AN ACT
OF--OF SOMETHING POSITIVE.
IT'S--IT'S AN ACT
OF GENEROSITY.
IT'S A GIFT.
A GIFT?
- YES.
- HOW--HOW IS FAKING IT
A GIFT?
- BECAUSE IT SAYS TO YOU,
"THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR TRYING.
"PLEASE COME AGAIN SOON.
COME AGAIN AS SOON
AS YOU POSSIBLY"--
both: HI.
- HEY.
- UH, OKAY, THANKS.
JUST TELL DAD SHOES,
LIGHTBULBS...
- SO COME BACK AGAIN
NEXT TIME,
AND I'LL JUST GIVE
HIM THOSE. OKAY.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
- SCHOOL.
- [scoffs]
WHERE WERE YOU?
JUST TELL ME.
- I WAS SERIOUSLY
AT SCHOOL THIS TIME.
- DOING WHAT?
- EXT RA-CREDIT STUFF.
I WAS, UH,
FORMATTING IN THE COMPUTER LAB,
IF YOU MUST KNOW.
- I DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND THAT.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
- IT'S EXTRA CREDIT
FOR SCHOOL, OKAY?
MR. CYR, MY ENGLISH TEACHER.
- OH. FOR MR. CYR?
- YEAH.
- OH, THAT'S GREAT.
- EXTRA CREDIT, THAT'S GOOD.
- YEAH, NO BIG DEAL.
- NO, I KNOW.
I'M JUST--I'M...
I-I-I'M PROUD OF YOU.
YOU KNOW, EXTRA CREDIT,
THAT'S EXTRA.
- OKAY.
- YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
- DON'T BE WEIRD.
- I'M NOT WEIRD.
- LITTLE SCOOP OF ICE CREAM.
- RIGHT.
- YOU KNOW, LIKE...
- YOU WANT IT 50/50.
- AT LEAST 50/50.
- YEAH, YEAH.
MAYBE EVEN MORE ICE CREAM.
- PRETTY GOOD.
- HEY, THIS IS ON ME.
- HUH?
- I GOT--I GOT THIS.
I GOT THIS ONE.
- THAT'S UNPRECEDENTED.
- IT'S MY WAY
OF SAYING THANK YOU
FOR ALL THE NICE THINGS
YOU GUYS DO FOR ME.
- THAT'S VERY SWEET OF YOU.
- OH, MAN,
THIS IS EMBARRASSING.
CAN YOU FLOAT ME 40...
DAD, DAD.
I'M KIDDING. I'M--I'M KIDDING.
- REALLY?
- YEAH, I HAVE IT.
LISTEN, YOU KNOW, THE--THE
CARE PACKAGES AND THE LAUNDRY
AND THE BOAT REPAIRS, I KNOW
YOU THINK I TAKE IT FOR GRANTED,
BUT I DON'T.
I APPRECIATE IT.
I REALLY DO.
- YOU FEELING OKAY?
- YEAH.
I FEEL GREAT.
I ALSO WANT TO SAY
THAT I'M NOT GONNA BE
SUCH A BURDEN ANYMORE
TO YOUR GUYS.
- WELL, I WOULDN'T SAY
YOU'VE BEEN A BURDEN.
- DEFINE BURDEN.
- I'VE BEEN WORKING MORE HOURS,
AND I'VE BEEN--I'VE BEEN
PUTTING AWAY SOME CASH.
I'M PREPARING FOR, UH...
THE NEXT STAGE IN MY LIFE.
- CROSBY, YOU'RE STARTING
TO SCARE THE HELL OUT OF ME.
- US, ACTUALLY.
- IT'S NOT BAD.
IT'S A--IT'S A GOOD THING.
IT'S--IT'S
A REALLY GOOD THING.
YOU KNOW, PEOPLE WOULD SAY
IT'S A GREAT THING.
UH, I HAVE A SON.
- YOU WHAT?
- I'M A FATHER.
- SO YOU AND CRAZY KATIE HIT
THE JACKPOT, THEN, RIGHT?
- NO, NO, IT'S NOT--
IT'S NOT CRAZY KATIE,
AND YOU
SHOULDN'T CALL HER THAT.
THAT'S A LITTLE ROUGH.
- WELL, YOU CALL HER THAT.
- IT'S ANOTHER WOMAN
FROM A FEW YEARS AGO
WHO'S A DANCER,
AND SHE WAS TOURING
THE BAY AREA,
AND WE HAD SOME FUN.
AND YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL
ABOUT DANCERS.
- SHE'S AN EXOTIC--
- NO, SHE DOESN'T DANCE
WITH A POLE.
SHE'S LIKE--YOU KNOW, BALLET.
ANYWAYS, LOOK, I DIDN'T KNOW
SHE GOT PREGNANT.
AND THEN SHE SHOWED UP
A FEW MONTHS AGO WITH A BOY.
UH, HE--
HE'S FIVE YEARS OLD.
- AND YOU--
YOU'RE SERIOUS?
- YEAH. YES.
- YOU'RE SURE HE'S YOURS?
I MEAN, YOU'VE HAD THE TEST
AND EVERYTHING?
- YEAH, I'M SURE HE'S MINE.
HE'S, UM--HE'S AMAZING.
I MEAN, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE HIM.
HE'S REALLY GREAT.
- CROSBY...
YOU'RE A DAD.
- YEAH.
I KNOW IT'S--IT'S CRAZY,
BUT, UH, I'M REALLY TAKING
THIS THING SERIOUSLY.
THAT'S WHAT I MEANT
ABOUT A NEW STAGE IN MY LIFE.
LIKE, I--
THIS IS ME NOW--
CROSBY, THE DAD.
AND I'M GONNA BE MORE
RESPONSIBLE AND INDEPENDENT.
MOM, PLEASE SAY SOMETHING.
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU'RE GONNA...
- DOES HE LOOK LIKE YOU?
'CAUSE YOU WERE
JUST THE CUTEST KID EVER.
- HE--HE LOOKS--
YEAH, HE LOOKS LIKE ME.
- I'M JUST SO HAPPY
FOR YOU,
FOR ALL OF US.
WHEN DO WE GET
TO MEET HIM?
- I'LL ASK HIS MOM
WHEN HE HAS SOME FREE TIME.
- WHAT'S HIS NAME?
- JABBAR.
- JABB--JABBAR?
- YEAH, JABBAR.
- JABBAR.
- WHAT KIND OF NAME IS JABBAR?
- WHAT THE HELL KIND OF NAME
IS ZEEK?
- IT DOESN'T MATTER--
THE NAME DOESN'T MATTER.
- WHAT'S HIS LAST NAME?
IS IT BRAVERMAN?
IT BETTER BE BRAVERMAN.
JABBAR BRAVERMAN?
- I'M WORKING ON THAT.
- [laughs]
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- YOU'RE A DADDY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
- I KNOW. ME NEITHER.
[adding machine whirs]
- HEY.
- HI.
- UM...
- HEY.
- HI. I-I-I WAS JUST--I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT THE NOTE.
- I KNOW.
I'M SORRY.
- NO NEED TO APOLOGIZE.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
MAYBE IT WAS A LITTLE...
TOO COMPLICATED.
I MEAN, THREE OPTIONS IS A LOT
OF OPTIONS.
THAT'S...
THAT'S OVERWHELMING.
I UNDERSTAND.
- YEAH.
I'M JUST NOT GOOD
WITH MULTIPLE CHOICE.
- NO, NO, NO,
THIS IS--THIS IS MY FAULT.
I MEAN, THESE CHOICES
ARE RIDICULOUS.
MAYBE--
WHAT THE HELL'S THAT?
THAT'S NOT A REAL CHOICE.
- CONFUSING.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS THINKING.
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO WRITE SOMETHING.
SO I WAS THINKING THAT I SHOULD
JUST BE MORE DIRECT, UM...
NEXT TIME.
- HMM.
- FRIENDS TELL ME
IT'S SPRING
MY WINDOW SHOWS THE SAME
- WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
- WITHOUT YOU HERE
THE SEASONS PASS ME BY
I KNOW YOU WERE NOT KNOWN
- THAT IS THE CORRECT ANSWER.
OKAY, I-I WON'T INTERRUPT
YOU ANYMORE.
- TODAY HAS BEEN OKAY
TODAY HAS BEEN OKAY
- YOU READY, BUDDY?
- YEAH. LET'S GO. LET'S GO.
[car door closes]
- HEY, GUYS.
- OH, THEY'RE HERE.
- HEY.
- WE'RE HERE.
- OH, WOW.
- THIS IS JABBAR.
- JABBAR.
- HI, MR. AND MRS. BRAVERMAN.
- OH.
- [laughs]
- HE HAS YOUR SMILE.
- THIS IS GRAH'IDMA CAMILLE.
- HELLO, JABBAR.
- AND THAT TALL SUCKER
IS GRANDPA ZEEK.
- JABBAR, HOW ARE YOU?
HEY, YOU GOT A GOOD HANDSHAKE.
- HI. [chuckles]
- YOU CAN CALL ME GRANDMA.
- OKAY.
- COME HERE. YOU HUNGRY?
WE'RE BARBECUING.
WE'RE GONNA GRILL
SOME CHICKEN.
- WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- OH, BOY.
IT'S REALLY HARD
TO PUT IT INTO WORDS.
- YEAH, I BET.
I BET.
[deep voice] WOULD YOU MIND
IF I BORROWED YOUR TOOTHBRUSH?
[high-pitched voice] WHY?
WHY DO YOU NEED MY TOOTHBRUSH?
[deep voice] OH, I RAN
OUT OF EGGS THIS MORNING,
SO I ATE MY GYM SOCK.
[laughter]
[high-pitched voice]
YOUR GYM SOCK?
- THAT'S AMAZING.
- HE LOOKS SO GROWN-UP.
- YEAH.
WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT?
- [deep voice]
I GOT IT FROM MY GRANDPA.
[high-pitched voice]
WELL, WHO'S THAT?
[deep voice]
ORVILLE REDENSOCKER'S.
[laughter]
[high-pitched voice] WHOOPSIES.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T EAT POPCORN,
WHAT DO YOU EAT?
[deep voice] I LIKE THE SOFI'ER
FOODS--PEARS, PLUMS, TOOTHPASTE.
[high-pitched voice] TOOTHPASTE?
WHO EATS TOOTH PASTE?
[deep voice]
ALL THE PEOPLE WITH GREAT BREATH
ARE EATING TOOTHPASTE.
- THIS IS AMAZING.
OH, WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT?
DOES THAT JUST MELT
YOUR HEART OR WHAT?
YOU KNOW, I WAS THINKING
OF SIGNING HARMONY UP
FOR A POTTERY CLASS.
YOU KNOW,
WORKING WITH THE CLAY,
IT JUST GROUNDS YOU
TO THE EARTH.
- [deep voice]
THEY'RE NOT HARD TO GET.
[high-pitched voice]
THERE'S NO CREDIT CHECK?
[light laughter]
- MAYBE THE GIRLS
CAN DO IT TOGETHER.
- OH, HARMONY
WOULD LOVE THAT.
- YEAH, I'M SURE
SYDNEY WOULD TOO.
- [deep voice] ASK ME TO LEAVE
BEFORE THE TICKLING GOT GOING.
[high-pitched voice]
YEAH, WE DIDN'T LIKE YOUR LOOK.
I GUESS
I SHOULDN'T HAVE JUDGED YOU
JUST BASED
ON YOUR INCREDIBLY RED MOUTH
AND GIGANTIC EYEBROW.
[laughter]
- MY NAME IS...
- OKAY, CLOSE YOUR EYES.
- OH.
- CLOSE YOUR EYES.
- THAT WAS MY MOUTH,
BUT OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT,
OPEN THEM NOW.
TA- DA!
[horn honking]
- HUH?
- OH, YOU STILL HAVE THAT?
- WHOA.
- OH, MAN.
- THAT WAS YOUR DAD'S
WHEN HE WAS YOUR AGE.
- YEAH, COME ON.
- IT'S FOR ME?
- YOU BETCHA.
HOP ON.
- MAYBE YOUR DAD'LL TEACH YOU
SOME TRICKS ON IT.
- YEAH, BUT I DON'T WANT YOU
DOING ANY WHEELIES,
'CAUSE YOUR DAD BROKE THREE
TEETH AND A LOT OF BRAIN CELLS.
- DON'T REMIND ME.
- I GAINED GLORY, THOUGH.
CAN YOU DO THIS?
- YEAH.
- YOU ALREADY KNOW HOW?
- OKAY.
I'M GONNA HELP YOU OUT
TO THE STREET, ALL RIGHT?
- EASY DOES IT.
- [groans]
- HEY, YOU LOOK GOOD ON THAT.
- GRANDPA, GRANDMA,
YOU WATCHING?
- WE'RE WATCHING.
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU READY?
- YEAH.
- ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO IT.
- WHOO-HOO!
- PEDALING.
- COME ON, JABBAR.
- WHOO-HOO!
-AH
AH
[Kristina moans]
HOLY CRAP.
MWAH.
- OH.
[both breathing heavily]
- OH, MY GOD.
- THAT DEFINITELY BEAT THE TIME
AFTER THE DAILY SHOW.
- OH, YEAH.
AND THE TIME AFTER LENO.
[chuckles]
OH, MY GOD.
OH, MAN.
- SO I'M JUST GONNA SAY
THAT FELT LIKE...
THE REAL DEAL.
AM I RIGHT?
- YEAH. YOU'RE RIGHT.
YEP.
YOU ARE RIGHT.
- BUT EVEN IF IT WASN'T,
YOU'D PROBABLY SAY THAT IT WAS.
- BUT IT WAS
THE REAL DEAL, HONEY.
IT WAS.
- DEFINITELY?
- YES. UH-HUH.
- DEFINITELY DEFINITELY?
- UH-HUH. ADAM, I HAVEN'T FELT
THIS RELAXED IN TWO MONTHS.
PLEASE DON'T RUIN IT.
- [sighs]